[Music]
uh
i wanna tell you that i love you
100 times a day
[Music]
guess what i got what did you get your
caesar wrapped
tell me how it is hi garrett hello can
you help me
just grab the cup yes thank you
okay how was the biscuit because i gave
him and then i screwed it out of there
so
it's good it was really good it reminded
me of my mom's biscuits and that's a
good thing
okay those biscuits are dangerous
they're sitting over
yeah i have like two bags of them in
moderation and then
it's fine the thing is the thing is
that is what i struggle with so i got
this fruit cup with strawberries
and grape and then you saw her make oh
that looks good
a caesar wrap but i wanted to put the
cucumbers on it and so i have to make my
own and they give you a full one so
anyway i'm gonna eat this what are you
having ashley
same thing but it's pre-made with fruit
and salt vinegar chips
the usual what about you garrett well
right now i got water
what do you have for lunch today let me
walk you all through this
i'm eating turkey and mashed potatoes
and green beans
what oh
i had got the turkey pesto sandwich sea
salt and vinegar chips
and a coke i need the caffeine today yes
she's going to ask you what you got what
did you get for lunch oh my gosh let me
tell y'all
about this turkey club you never know if
it's gonna be good or not you just gotta
try
and the lovely vibe and water akai
never was able to pronounce nice
[Music]
hey guys it's about 2 15 and i'm up
at the room i think it's going to be
about 15 minutes until i have to go back
down
i want to show you i'm having just a
little bit of a biscuit because i'm not
hungry at
all but i just i just wanted to eat
biscuit because they're homemade i made
them yesterday
and they're so good so i'm going to go
ahead and eat my biscuit
drink some water and edit until my quiet
class
i have honey i have a huge thing honey
over there
christmas the snow's coming down
come over here and react to like the
biscuit warm it up for like
20 seconds though
look at her go look at that sweatshirt
it's really soft
it has the cutest little embroidery look
at that little things are these daisies
they look like daisies yeah
i just woke up um
i just finished filling up my water
because i need
to drink some more i haven't drank a ton
today and i really try
whenever i'm sitting down at my desk to
drink as much water as i can so
i'm gonna edit a little bit more we're
going to the store soon and i thought
that would be fun to take you along as
i kind of go shopping and show you what
i get from the store
to eat as snacks when i'm just in my
dorm room and not eating at the dining
hall so i'm gonna drink some water
and edit a little bit more look this is
a cool
little sneaky setup i look like a mom
[Music]
i love that stuff so much i don't know
if i should get a different kind
i love this one so i'm just gonna get
this i'm just hungry
i know this is a bad time for me to be
my dad's like don't go grocery shopping
when you're hungry yeah
i'll be back
[Music]
this is the dashboard of my dreams one
that can just like
what
no not if you're a youtuber it's the
worst one like
you should have seen my dashboard in the
car that i drove in high school
i bought a skirt i'm really happy about
it would you buy jacks
oh yeah we saw your cookies comment down
below if you like those kind of cookies
that jax has
the sugar cookies from walmart
[Laughter]
you gotta introduce yourself oh hey i'm
jonah ellison
i'm riley's like best friend
that's ashley am i doing good yeah
you're doing great
all right i'll see y'all tomorrow or
whatever all right
you can close the door if you want
[Applause]
so i got my food and i'm about to put it
away but i thought i'd do a little haul
for you guys
first we got this granola that i really
love
in yogurt um
i just like to eat it i don't know kind
of can go on whatever i wanted to
this is my favorite peanut butter i
found that in my peanut butter
chocolate banana smoothie this is what
tastes the best and i just
i don't know i like it a lot this is a
hundred percent peanuts
creamy peanut butter and i also love
eating like apples
and bananas and fruit and stuff with
that speaking of bananas
we've got some bananas here i got these
ones so that i could freeze them for my
smoothies
and then i got these so they can like
slowly get
yellower so i can eat them these aren't
food but i got
some eyeliner i have an eyeliner but
it's from when i was like 14 years old
so it's really gross and i thought i
could use a different one and then i
also needed some mascara so this is the
mascara that i always get i've gotten
questions about it in the past so i just
it's good
i love that's literally the best mascara
in the world but no one knows yeah it is
so good
all the covergirl ones won't work i
would try every single one this is the
best one
never clumps ever yeah and i get carbon
black and i don't get waterproof because
personally i hate having the waterproof
works
okay try the waterproof and the
waterproof is like you were going
swimming on your first date and you need
some waterproof mascara
l'oreal and then that's all for walmart
and then
we ran to a thrift store to get some
items for ashley and jax's costume for
halloween
i just you know love thrifting so i just
kind of went in there for a second i
wasn't gonna buy anything because i'm
going on saturday and i'll probably film
a video while i'm doing that but
i found this and i didn't want anybody
to take it before i got it so it's this
super cute knee-length khaki corduroy
skirt and it's so cute it has the cutest
little buttons
and it's literally the perfect like fall
skirt so
i was so happy to find that and it's gap
so cute so
now i'm going to get ready to go on my
last
mile run for my video that i'm filming
currently and i usually eat after i'm
done running my mile so i'll just keep
you updated
we just came down to the dining hall for
food and so i'll show you
what i have to eat today so they had
italian in there
so i just got some spaghetti and
meatballs and a piece of garlic bread
and water
hey guys so i just finished filming the
outro for my
running a mile every day for 30 days
video and
i know i ate so i'm gonna drink some
water because i'm feeling
i don't think i'm hungry because i just
ate but if i'm being honest i didn't eat
a ton
for dinner like that wasn't like a lot
of food and i intentionally did that
because i planned on eating like a snack
dessert kind of thing tonight so uh
yeah i'm just gonna drink some water i
think i'll edit because i really need to
do that
so anyway i'm just gonna drink this
water
because i'm feeling a little parched and
then
i'll eat my snack and i'll show you what
it is i'm so excited about that peanut
butter though like i love peanut butter
i just wanted to give you guys a tip on
how i have curbed
my snacking habit in the past i've been
a real snacker and so i just kind of eat
whenever
i had free time and what i do now
more than ever is chew gum so
i'm gonna have a half piece of gum
because i
don't need to eat anything right now i'm
sitting down i'm like working on
something and i just kind of want
something to
chew on and so gum is the perfect
solution to the problem
so yeah i just thought i'd give that tip
because i've been meaning to talk about
it gum and water are probably
the biggest tips i have for you if you
want to work on not snacking as much in
between meals
also i have one hour until my eating
window is done for the day
so i will be eating my snack and i
already know what it's gonna be
i'll show you i'm so excited to eat it
but i'm not feeling that hungry right
now but
i am excited for that snack so i'm gonna
edit and then i'll see you when i make
my snack
[Music]
all right guys it's officially eight
o'clock actually
it's 803 right now so that means that
i'm done eating for the day
i will be drinking some more water as i
continue to edit
if i have a snack like i did today i
just try to
snack until i feel like satisfied and
not until i feel full
so that's been working for me i had a
couple of biscuits
i had like two small like half of ones
and i ended up wanting another
like half so i ended up eating like two
biscuits and all
and then some apples and a few clusters
of that granola yeah i hope you guys
enjoyed
this what i eat in a day at college i
have been just trying to figure out my
eating and trying to do the best i can
to eat healthy and take care of my body
the way it needs to be taken care of so
i've just been kind of experimenting
and figuring out what what that actually
is for my body personally so
yeah i've been really liking
intermittent fasting and i think it's
helped me a lot with
late night snacking and staying on track
so
all right guys i hope you enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give it a
thumbs up
if you're new here make sure to
subscribe down below i love you all so
very much and i'll see you in next week
bye guys
[Music]
you